
    


    

  
  
  
  

  
    
      
      
        

          
            
              Evernote
              

	.st0{fill:#2DBE60;}
	.st1{fill-rule:evenodd;clip-rule:evenodd;fill:#666666;}


	
		
			
		
	
	
		
			
		
	



            
          

          
            
              Explore 
              Web Clipper
              Download app
            
          

          
            
              
              Log in
                
                    Sign up
                
              
                Try Evernote Business
            
          

          
            
          

        
      

      
        

          
            
          

          

            
            
              
                Log in
                Download app
                Try Evernote Business
              
            

            
            
              
                Plans
                
              
              
              
                Getting started
                Basic
                Premium
              
            

            
            
              
                Business
                
              
              
              
                Features
                SpacesNew!
                Use cases
                Customer stories
                
                Contact sales
              
            

            
            
              
                Discover
                
              
              
              
                Blog
                Community
                Certified consultants
                Events
              
            

            
            
              
                Get support
                
              
              
              
                Help & Learning
                Support
                Forum
              
            

            
            
              
                
                  
                    
                      
                      
                    
                  
                
                  
                    
                      
                      
                    
                  
                
                  
                    
                      
                      
                    
                  
                
                  
                    
                      
                      
                    
                  
                
                  
                    
                      
                      
                    
                  
                
                  
                    
                      
                      
                    
                  
                
              
            

            
            
              Choose a language 
              
                
                  
                    Bahasa Indonesia
                  
                    Bahasa Melayu
                  
                    Dansk
                  
                    Deutsch
                  
                    English (US)
                  
                    Español
                  
                    Español (América Latina)
                  
                    Français
                  
                    Italiano
                  
                    Nederlands
                  
                    Polski
                  
                    Português (Brasil)
                  
                  
                    Português (Portugal)
                  
                    Suomi
                  
                    Svenska
                  
                    Tiếng Việt
                  
                    Türkçe
                  
                    Русский
                  
                    العربية
                  
                    ภาษาไทย
                  
                    한국어
                  
                    中文（简体）
                  
                    中文（繁體）
                  
                    日本語
                  
                
              
            

          

        
      

      

    
  


  
  
    

      User Guidelines

    
  


  
  
    
      
        
  

    
      
        
          Legal Overview
        
      
        
          Privacy Center
        
      
        
          Terms of Service
        
      
        
          User Guidelines
        
      
        
          Commercial Terms
        
      
        
          Business Agreement
        
      
        
          IP Compliance Program
        
      
        
          Trademark Use
        
      
        
          Information for Authorities
        
      
        
          Open Source Licenses
        
      
        
          Legal Document Updates
        
      
    

  

      
        
  

    
      
      
          Effective Date: August 28, 2017 - What’s new »
The Evernote team works hard to provide you with a service that makes you happier and more productive. We strive to give you a great experience by offering essential apps, making sure that your data is protected and being fully transparent about our data handling practices. In return, we ask that you respect the Evernote Service and other users, and follow these rules about what not to do when you’re using the Service. Please remember that when you agreed to our Terms of Service (including these Guidelines), you agreed that you are responsible for any and all conduct and Content under your account.
You agree that when you use the Service:

You Won’t Use Evernote to Back Up Your Hard Drive or Do Other Things It’s Not Intended For. Evernote is designed and built around a core set of productivity-enhancing use cases. Things like note taking, web clipping, image capture, task management, collaboration and discussion, and sharing documents—the core activities that support the modern way we work together (otherwise known as “Intended Uses”). Evernote is not designed for cloud backup, file synchronization, or file storage/archiving (“Unsupported Uses”). Examples of Unsupported Uses include systematically backing up a hard drive, storing a media library, automatically archiving emails or files, or maintaining large quantities of files for storage-only purposes. Using Evernote for these purposes may result in you and/or other users having a significantly degraded Evernote experience. The quality of your Evernote experience depends on using Evernote for its Intended Uses.
You Won’t Use Evernote for Anything Illegal or Promote Illegal Activities. So don’t do things like post instructions on how to assemble bombs; promote harm to any person, group of people (or animals, for that matter), or any governmental or legal entity; or stalk or harass anyone. This also means don’t violate laws or regulations applicable to you or the use of the Service. You, and not Evernote, are responsible for complying with any laws or regulations applicable to the data in your account.
You Won’t Violate Our Users’ Rights. Don’t invade another’s privacy, and don’t use someone’s personal data for commercial purposes or in some other manner that violates their rights or applicable laws. This also means you shouldn’t upload, post or otherwise transmit any Content that you don’t have a right to transmit under any law or under contractual or fiduciary relationships (e.g., inside information, confidential information learned or disclosed as part of employment relationships or under nondisclosure agreements).
You Won’t Annoy or Scam Our Users. Don’t upload, post or otherwise transmit any unsolicited or unauthorized advertising or promotional materials. So no spam, no pyramid schemes, and definitely no “I got kidnapped and need you to wire me $1,000” schemes. Don’t try to solicit users’ passwords or personal information. This also means no engaging in commercial activities within the Service or on behalf of Evernote without our prior approval (e.g., displaying a banner designed to profit you or any other business or organization or displaying banners for services that provide cash or cash-equivalent prizes to users in exchange for hyperlinks to their web sites). And don’t use the Service as a forwarding means to another website.
You Won’t Send Unwanted Messages. Evernote’s Collaboration Features (those features that allow Evernote users to share or collaborate on Content) are intended to enable you to interact and share with people you know and/or who are part of your organization. Do not send unsolicited messages to anyone who does not share this kind of connection with you. And when you want to send a message to someone who does not yet have an Evernote account, never use Evernote to send an email, SMS, or other type of message to that person unless you are certain that the recipient wants to receive this type of message from you.
You Won’t Violate IP Rights. Don’t upload, post or transmit Content that infringes the copyright, trademark or other intellectual property or proprietary rights of another party. And don’t take any action that would be in violation of Evernote's Trademark Brand Guidelines and Usage Requirements.
You Won’t Mess With Our Service. Don’t ruin this for everyone. Don’t upload, promote or distribute software viruses or any other kind of computer code, files or programs that attempt to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment. Don’t interfere with our servers or networks connected to the Service, or with the services and networks of the Service Providers whose services we use to help deliver the Service. Don’t try to disguise the origin of any Content transmitted through the Service. Unless Evernote has given you its prior approval, don’t access or attempt to access the Service by any means other than through the interface provided by Evernote (including through the use of scripts, web crawlers or the like). And don’t use the Service in a manner that could lead to the interruption of access to the Service for others.
You Won’t Attempt to Copy or Resell Our Service. Don’t try to reproduce Evernote or otherwise try to exploit any part of, use of or access to the Service. Don’t advertise for sale or resell Evernote Paid Services without Evernote’s prior authorization. This also means you won’t attempt to fraudulently acquire Evernote Points or distribute such Points. Evernote reserves the right to cancel Evernote Points that we believe were acquired in bad faith or with the intent of defrauding Evernote.
You Won’t Pretend to Be Someone You’re Not. Just be yourself. In particular, don’t pretend to work at or be affiliated with Evernote if that’s not true.
You Won’t Exceed the Scope of Your Authorized Use. Don’t access or use features that you don’t have a right to use; don’t mess around with other users’ Content if they haven’t given you permission to do so.
You Won’t Use Shared or Public Notebooks to Post Objectionable Content. Don’t upload, publish or display Content that contains nudity, sexually graphic material or material that is otherwise deemed explicit by Evernote; that Evernote deems threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, libelous, obscene, invasive, hateful or racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable; or that Evernote determines conflicts with your obligations under applicable local law or these User Guidelines.

While we hope that all users of the Evernote service comply with these Guidelines, we must caution you that, notwithstanding these Guidelines and the requirements in our Terms of Service, you may be exposed to offensive, indecent or objectionable Content when using the Service. We expect that you understand this and, accordingly, you use the Service at your own risk.
If you encounter any of the prohibited uses listed above, or any other objectionable content, you may contact us at compliance@evernote.com.
Thanks for helping to make Evernote a great experience for everyone!